JIP-2: Misc improvements, additions, and fixes (#11)
polkadot-fellows/JIPs: JIP-2.md

   for the query.
#### Result
Array of Numbers: The IDs of the services currently known to be on JAM.

### `fetchWorkPackageSegments(wp_hash, indices)`
Fetches a list of segments from the DA layer, exported by the work-package with the given hash.
#### Parameters
1. `wp_hash`: Hash: Hash of the exporting work-package.
2. `indices`: Array of Numbers: Indices into the list of segments exported by the work-package.
#### Result
Array of Blobs: The requested segments. Each Blob should be 4104 bytes long and the length of the
Array should match the length of the `indices` Array passed in to the method.

### `fetchSegments(segment_root, indices)`
Fetches a list of segments from the DA layer, exported by a work-package with the given segment
root hash.
#### Parameters
1. `segment_root`: Hash: Segment tree root hash of a work-package.
2. `indices`: Array of Numbers: Indices into the list of segments exported by the work-package.
#### Result
Array of Blobs: The requested segments. Each Blob should be 4104 bytes long and the length of the
Array should match the length of the `indices` Array passed in to the method.

> ### `syncState()`
> Returns the sync state of the node.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### `syncStatus()`
Returns the sync status of the node.
```

Author: Perhaps the naming could be improved but it's intentional that this is not just called `syncStatus`; it returns more than just the status enum.

Reviewer: So maybe the subscribe should follow the same naming, no?

Author: The subscribe only subscribes to the status though, not the other things that are returned here.
